All right.
Welcome back my students.
So it's tough for us to start using one of these middleware.
Right.
We're going to use the role middleware that we created.
So let's learn how to register this for us.
Let's go to Colonel.
All right well we have our mid awareness now as you can see here we have a couple of properties right
.
We have the middleware property here.
This is the main mode.
You can put your application meaning's mold.
And as a matter of fact let me show you how to do that real quick.
Right now you can see that we can go to our application right here.
So if we type in BHB audition down applications now meaning's mode right.
You can always learn something new in every lecture.
Guys just make sure that you don't skip skip lectures skip skip lectures enter as you can see.
Be right back.
You could do that when you have this in production and then are you going on your website.
All right let's go ahead and do this.
BHB listen up.
All right
there we go.
It's up again.
All right.
All right cool.
So we got this where property here.
This is just a groupie.
All right.
So we are grouping all these middle words together in and we are referencing referencing it damn By
the key weap.
All right.
This is by the full we have the weapon the API.
We also have this round made aware Arayan This is where how we're going to register our route are made
where we're going to register as a round middleware.
So I'm going to name it.
Roll ups now row row and then I'm going to give you the path.
So we know that it is on app.
We know that is on HTP and we know that it is in the middleware folder and we know that his name roll
made or where and then we do not.
I mean we'll call and call in class Colma.
There we go.
We put the comma there.
Since this is a a an array right.
We can just put the comma there and get ready for the next one.
Cool.
So now that we register it now let's learn how to use it.
Right.
So for that we can go to a TTP routes.
There we go.
There are a couple ways of using middleware.
All right you can pass it through the route right here to the this get method or you can use it in the
constructor like a controller like the home controller right here.
All right you can pass it through there.
So let's go back to router real quick and let's create a route.
Let's create a rouse called admin admin role no user rules just like that.
All right.
And let's just say function all right.
Return we're going to return something.
But let me show you how to apply these middleware.
So let's say right now we want to apply the middleware rule to it right to this get requests the right
call.
We put a
an array.
Make sure that you put the other and right here in the middle.
And when getting close hold things this they're made aware.
So we're going to say middleware is the key.
All right.
And the value would be the name or middleware.
OK so now we have applied or made aware to this admin user roles get requests are right in here we can
return whatever data we want or you know do whatever.
OK.
So let's say let's call a middleware roll.
All right so now let's actually go to the.
And you don't have to put anything here.
I'm just giving you an example.
Let's go to the middleware actually to our We're all made aware here and we're going to handle this
requests.
All right.
So what do we want to do.
Well we got it.
We've got to do something here.
Let's actually redirect the user.
All right let's redirect them back
or you know while this redirect into root that's it that's all we've got to do.
Let's just do that real quick.
All right.
And then we will we will do the next requests.
So let's go and open up a browser and try that.
So he's made aware that the Wii is admin users user roles.
I think it is as you can see their exes back to the to the home page.
All right.
So I hope you see what we're made aware of.
I actually do.
All right.
And you can register multiple meter where routes if you won.
OK.
So if you have if you have multiple meter whereas you can register them like this.
Show you you can pass in the first one you can what you can do is you actually encloses in side an array
like this.
So you can say you get the first one rule and then you can say the next one is off.
Now of course you need to call me here.
All right and you can pass multiple middle where's.
All right.
So in the next lecture we're going to do something a little bit better than this.
All right we're going to probably check for maybe a user or something like that.
Well something that makes a little bit more sense so you get a better idea but I think you already have
the idea of how we apply made aware Where's how to register them and how to use and to protect our application
.
All right.
So the next lecture we're going to you know do a little bit.
Something tell it'll be more functional so that way you can get a better idea.
Right.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture.